Update name to Declarative Automation Bundles (#148)
databricks/bundle-examples: contrib/job_with_ai_parse_document/README.md

# AI Document Processing Job with Structured Streaming

> A Declarative Automation Bundle demonstrating **incremental document processing** using `ai_parse_document`, `ai_query`, and Databricks Jobs with Structured Streaming.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Declarative Automation Bundles example demonstrates incremental document processing using `ai_parse_document`, `ai_query`, and Databricks Jobs with Structured Streaming.
```
Same here - the product name is plural, so changed the language to work with that. Also a nit to remove the inline-bold AI tell.
